# Lab: Changing Document Shape with $project 

**Problem:**

Our first movie night was a success. Unfortunately, our ISP called to let us know we're close to our bandwidth quota, but we need another movie recommendation!
</br>
Using the same $match stage from the previous lab, add a $project stage to only display the the title and film rating (title and rated fields).
</br>
- Assign the results to a variable called pipeline.
```
var pipeline = [{ $match: {. . .} }, { $project: { . . . } }]
```
</br>
- Load validateLab2.js which was included in the same handout as validateLab1.js and execute validateLab2(pipeline)?
```
load('./validateLab2.js')
```
</br>
- And run the validateLab2 validation method
```
validateLab2(pipeline)
````
</br>

- 7
- **15**
- 30
- 4



# Lab: Computing Fields

Our movies dataset has a lot of different documents, some with more convoluted titles than others. If we'd like to analyze our collection to find movie titles that are composed of only one word, we could fetch all the movies in the dataset and do some processing in a client application, but the Aggregation Framework allows us to do this on the server!

Using the Aggregation Framework, find a count of the number of movies that have a title composed of one word. To clarify, "Cinderella" and "3-25" should count, where as "Cast Away" would not.

Make sure you look into the $split String expression and the $size Array expression

To get the count, you can append itcount() to the end of your pipeline

```
db.movies.aggregate([...]).itcount()
```

- 12373
- **8068**
- 9447
- 144
